OK it's on the last couple of videos we've looked at advanced custom fields and we've allowed the administrator
to change certain things such as the text on the website and in this video we're going to make our website
even more customizable by allowing the admin or certain user to change the background featured image.
We don't known how to code.
Wordpress allows us to do this in what they call custom headers.
So if you go over to Google and search for the code x custom headers.
It should be the first result.
OK.
It's against the custom had this section and then FUI scrawled on page and look for the example.
So copy this example and then go into the functions not P A B and this can go right at the very bottom
but still would in the e 8 Peter Higgs.
So we're not going to have the fix.
So we can remove that or the fixed height.
So I'm going to comment these two lines.
No got the default image path in case the user doesn't upload an image.
So the default image is going to be the lake B.
G.
Natalie no images folder so that's okay.
So say that and Shawn.
One more thing into the array which is uploads.
So this allows the user to upload an image so uploads.
Equal to a great line.
And that's gonna be a boulis of true.
And then if we go into the had a doppie HP we can change the image location so find that file.
Scroll down to the feature section at the bottom.
And you can delete the image source so everything between the double quotations.
So rather than have in this image which had been pulled in from I will feed folder.
Can use the custom had a.
So between the page Pete's eyes were yousee were Press function of header underscore image.
And save that and then go forwards.
The word press dashboard.
Down to appearance.
And then customize.
And then select the header image.
And we can add a new image.
So this is the post for mail so I will upload a new image.
So in your images folder there's a second background in there which is Lake b.g. too.
So select that aren't open.
And then put in the old text of Lake background.
Then select that.
Skip crop.
And then save and publish.
So once I'd saved just tick the X in the corner and then go to his site.
And there's one new image as the background.
So that makes it really easier for the site owners to change the background image.
That just need to go into the dashboard and customize like wouldest did then.
And nutty and this video so thanks for watching.